docs/DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# LS Mag for Magento 2 Development Guide 
More documents on Magento development at LS Retail can be found under `R:\LS Omni\LS Mag`.

## Development Installation:

1. Install Magento2
2. Clone lsmag-two somewhere somewhere outside the installation folder of Magento2, for example inside `/var/www/lsmag-two`
3. Open composer.json of Magento2 (usually `/var/www/magento/composer.json` or `/srv/magento/composer.json`).
4. Add path of step 2 to composer repositories:

    `"repositories": [
            {
                "type": "path",
                "url" : "/var/www/lsmag-two"
            }
        ]`

5. Now you can either do a symlink installation or a copy. The symlink breaks a few things, which need to be fixed with more symlinks, the copy on the other hand needs a `composer update` every time you change something in the code.
    - Symlink installation:
        1. Run `composer require "lsretail/ls-mag-two @dev"` inside the Magento2 directory (the [@dev tells composer to use a symlink](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29994088/composer-require-local-package))
        2. This installs our module with a symlink. This breaks the `ls-mag` binary. To get it to run, add a symlink to the `magento/vendor/autoload.php` file and the composer directory in the directory `ls-mag-two/vendor` (which you need to create):
            - Run inside `ls-mag-two`:
                - `mkdir vendor`
                - `ln -s /var/www/magento2/vendor/autoload.php vendor/autoload.php`
                - `ln -s /var/www/magento2/vendor/composer vendor/composer`
            - Now you can run `bin/ls-mag` again.
         3. Templates
    - Copy installation:
        1. Run `composer require "lsretail/ls-mag-two"` inside the Magento2 directory
        2. Run the command again after _each_ code change
 

## Development Notes:

- In contrast to Magento1, in Magento2 the whole module is on a single folder, inside vendor/lsretail/ls-mag-two if you followed the above steps

- If you add a new module like omni/customer/replication inside the composer autoload directive, you need to remove and add it again with Composer

- To test the connection with the Omni Server, run bin/ls-mag omni:client:ping inside the lsmag-two folder

- It might be useful to use the automatic conversion tools at https://github.com/magento/code-migration to convert an old Magento1 installation with our modules and base the new code on the converted file. As there are a lot of changes in Magento2, you can probably only re-use the general logic from the old module, not any actual code without changes.

- If you are working on the InstallData class of a module and want to re-run the install method, drop the appropriate line from the setup_module table and run bin/magento setup:upgrade.

## Conversion Notes

We are currently in the process of converting our solution from Magento 1 to Magento 2. We first need to get up to the feature level of Magento 1 before we proceed.

While converting the Module from Magento 1 to Magento 2, some architectural things changed. In Magento 1, we relied heavily on the registry and sessions using a centralized key storage in the LSR class. In Magento 2, we sometimes use Helper classes instead. Below, some identifiers and their replacements are noted:

* LSR::SESSION_CHECKOUT_BASKETCALCULATION => BasketHelper::getOneListCalculation()
* LSR::REGISTRY_LOYALTY_WATCHNEXTSAVE => AddToCartObserver::watchNextSave()
  * Used in CartObserver and BasketObserver

## Release process
We run our own composer repository on the stable server under the URL [lsmag-stable.lsretail.com/dist](http://lsmag-stable.lsretail.com/dist/). It should be populated on every release using this process:

1. Log into master server
2. Switch to omni user if you are not already: `sudo -i -u omni`
3. Go to `/home/omni/satis`
4. Run `php5 bin/satis build -n satis.json ./build`
5. Copy the `build` directory to the web server:
    
    `sudo cp -r build/* /srv/magento/dist`
6. Change ownership back to www-data:
    
    `sudo chown -R www-data:www-data /srv/magento/dist`

It might also be possible to use this as a source of updates on the master server. This needs to be investigated.

## Older notes:
- Development inside app/code? See http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.0/extension-dev-guide/build/module-file-structure.html
-- Not feasible due to composer dependencies we need
- php7.0 bin/ls-mag omni:client:generate -b "http://vmw-lsnav.local/LSOmniService/"

Commit message:

OMNI-3327 Remove docker files from release

docs/DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# LS Mag for Magento 2 Development Guide 
More documents on Magento development at LS Retail can be found under `R:\LS Omni\LS Mag`.

## Development Installation:

1. Install Magento2
2. Clone lsmag-two somewhere somewhere outside the installation folder of Magento2, for example inside `/var/www/lsmag-two`
3. Open composer.json of Magento2 (usually `/var/www/magento/composer.json` or `/srv/magento/composer.json`).
4. Add path of step 2 to composer repositories:

    `"repositories": [
            {
                "type": "path",
                "url" : "/var/www/lsmag-two"
            }
        ]`

5. Now you can either do a symlink installation or a copy. The symlink breaks a few things, which need to be fixed with more symlinks, the copy on the other hand needs a `composer update` every time you change something in the code.
    - Symlink installation:
        1. Run `composer require "lsretail/ls-mag-two @dev"` inside the Magento2 directory (the [@dev tells composer to use a symlink](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29994088/composer-require-local-package))
        2. This installs our module with a symlink. This breaks the `ls-mag` binary. To get it to run, add a symlink to the `magento/vendor/autoload.php` file and the composer directory in the directory `ls-mag-two/vendor` (which you need to create):
            - Run inside `ls-mag-two`:
                - `mkdir vendor`
                - `ln -s /var/www/magento2/vendor/autoload.php vendor/autoload.php`
                - `ln -s /var/www/magento2/vendor/composer vendor/composer`
            - Now you can run `bin/ls-mag` again.
         3. Templates
    - Copy installation:
        1. Run `composer require "lsretail/ls-mag-two"` inside the Magento2 directory
        2. Run the command again after _each_ code change
 
- Releases don't contain some folders as noted in our `composer.json`:
    - `/docs` (raw documentation files not intented for customers)
    - `/dev` (Docker installation, should get releases seperately)
    - `/README.txt` (Not intended for customers)
## Development Notes:

- In contrast to Magento1, in Magento2 the whole module is on a single folder, inside vendor/lsretail/ls-mag-two if you followed the above steps

- If you add a new module like omni/customer/replication inside the composer autoload directive, you need to remove and add it again with Composer

- To test the connection with the Omni Server, run bin/ls-mag omni:client:ping inside the lsmag-two folder

- It might be useful to use the automatic conversion tools at https://github.com/magento/code-migration to convert an old Magento1 installation with our modules and base the new code on the converted file. As there are a lot of changes in Magento2, you can probably only re-use the general logic from the old module, not any actual code without changes.

- If you are working on the InstallData class of a module and want to re-run the install method, drop the appropriate line from the `setup_module` table and run `bin/magento setup:upgrade`.

- After switching branches or changing the signature of a constructor, you will probably need to run `bin/magento setup:di:compile` again. If you switch to a branch where one of the modules specifies a lower version than the previous one (inside `etc\module.xml`), you need to either uninstall the module and install it again (`bin/magento module:uninstall module && bin/magento module:install module`) or manually edit the database table `setup_module` (which might break things).

## Conversion Notes

We are currently in the process of converting our solution from Magento 1 to Magento 2. We first need to get up to the feature level of Magento 1 before we proceed.

While converting the Module from Magento 1 to Magento 2, some architectural things changed. In Magento 1, we relied heavily on the registry and sessions using a centralized key storage in the LSR class. In Magento 2, we sometimes use Helper classes instead. Below, some identifiers and their replacements are noted:

* LSR::SESSION_CHECKOUT_BASKETCALCULATION => BasketHelper::getOneListCalculation()
* LSR::REGISTRY_LOYALTY_WATCHNEXTSAVE => AddToCartObserver::watchNextSave()
  * Used in CartObserver and BasketObserver

## Release process
We run our own composer repository on the stable server under the URL [lsmag-stable.lsretail.com/dist](http://lsmag-stable.lsretail.com/dist/). It should be populated on every release using this process:

1. Log into master server
2. Switch to omni user if you are not already: `sudo -i -u omni`
3. Go to `/home/omni/satis`
4. Run `php5 bin/satis build -n satis.json ./build`
5. Copy the `build` directory to the web server:
    
    `sudo cp -r build/* /srv/magento/dist`
6. Change ownership back to www-data:
    
    `sudo chown -R www-data:www-data /srv/magento/dist`

It might also be possible to use this as a source of updates on the master server. This needs to be investigated.

## Older notes:
- Development inside app/code? See http://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.0/extension-dev-guide/build/module-file-structure.html
-- Not feasible due to composer dependencies we need
- php7.0 bin/ls-mag omni:client:generate -b "http://vmw-lsnav.local/LSOmniService/"
